func_label  	main        	_           	_           
assign      	5           	_           	scoped      
assign      	0           	_           	i           
add         	scoped      	1           	0t0         
assign      	0t0         	_           	scoped      
assign      	5           	_           	scoped      
add         	scoped      	1           	0t1         
assign      	0t1         	_           	scoped      
add         	i           	scoped      	0t2         
assign      	0t2         	_           	i           
assign      	10          	_           	scoped      
add         	i           	scoped      	0t3         
assign      	0t3         	_           	i           
assign      	5           	_           	scoped      
add         	i           	scoped      	0t4         
assign      	0t4         	_           	i           
assign      	10          	_           	scoped      
add         	i           	scoped      	0t5         
assign      	0t5         	_           	i           
assign      	2           	_           	scoped      
return      	_           	_           	0           
